[Kurahashi chuckling]
[chuckling continues]
All according to plan.
I'm so damn good,
it's almost frightening.
[KURAHASHI] Just keep doing
what you're doing, my dear.
You're my ticket to victory.
[laughing]
[inhales]
[sigh]
There you are! Thanks for...
Myah?
S-Sarasa?
But aren't the two of you
meant to be fighting?
[footsteps]
That is what the imposter wants
but since neither of us
much like being told
what to do.
We've decided
to team up instead.
[smugs]
It was all his idea.
[HIROTO] Hey, Kazami. Be honest.
That video of Tokyo Academy.
I could tell it really
disturbed you.
But when the footage aired
the commentary was nothing
but pure praise
for Ms. Hundred Faces.
Why would Libra endorse that
kind of senseless violence?
You can tell me.
Myaah.
If we're gonna stand up to her
then we'll need
Libra's help to do it.
Forget it!
You don't want to be dragged
into this non-sense!
[gasps]
[smiles]
Don't underestimate us.
Remember.
We're the Seven Star,
and the rightful Empress.
[gasps]
But I...
Fine, have it your way, but
don't say I didn't warn you.
[SUZURAN] Ms. Hundred Faces
is an illegal player.
She isn't affiliated
with any academy
and so has no right to compete.
Her account is completely
fabricated, too.
However, the ally she has
on the ASTRAL management
committee is very real.
[HIROTO]
That must be Kurahashi.
Whoever she might be,
her data's all over the place!
Entire settings
and command structures
have been rewritten
to help her.
She's a cheating phoney with the
deck stacked in her favor!
And when I realized the truth
reality came crashing down
on me like a ton of bricks.
If Ms. Hundred Faces
manages to win
it'll be the biggest disaster
in Academy Island's history.
And Libra will take the fall
for being forced to go
along with it.
[sobbing]
[SUZURAN]
ASTRAL is supposed to be a fun
pawsitive thing that brings
the island together.
I just wanted to put on
an exciting show for everyone.
All that time planning at Libra
I put everything
I had into this contest.
[gasps]
Hey, it's all right.
Sarasa.
I don't...
I don't want...
I don't want Libra to be ruined
by something
this stupidly unfair!
I don't want the place
I call home to be destroyed
by some pointless power grab.
So, Shinohara, Sarasa, please!
I'm begging you.
Please save Libra for me
and win this thing!
Okay.
I'm the strongest person
on the island
and she's a close second.
Ms. Hundred Faces
is nothing compared to us.
[sobbing]
[smiles]
[SARASA] And why're we sneaking
around squashed together
like packaged meat again?
[HIROTO]
Look, I've told you already!
ASTRAL rules are clear on this.
We can't be seen to have
any contact
with people from Libra!
[uncomfortable]
[SHIRAYUKI] Master?
Hey, watch it!
Hands off the merch!
What the, My hand's
not touching anything.
Yeah, then what did
I just feel?
[both gasping]
Okay, now you're pushing it.
[HIROTO] It's wasn't me!
Maybe it was Himeji.
[SARASA] There's no way
Yuki would.
My actions are beyond
my control.
[SARASA] Watch it!
[both yelp]
[SARASA] This is the
United Army ability
Ms. Hundred Faces is using.
[SHIRAYUKI]
It's worse than I thought.
[HIROTO]
So this is her umbrella, huh?
If the description is accurate
then all academies in her army
will tie for second place
if she gets first.
That's a good incentive.
I can see why people
are so eager to sign up.
Sure, explains a lot.
There's already seven teams
sworn to Ms. Hundred Faces,
right, meow?
[HIROTO] Well, that certainly
reframes Kururugi's retreat.
Even solo, she could leverage
the alliance
and tie for second.
Ew. Oh, great, he's with her?
[SARASA] The holder of
the Black Star, Kirigaya Touya.
He might be even more trouble
than the Demon Maiden.
[HIROTO] Seriously?
Our position is tenuous
but if we can unite
the other teams through Libra
we might still have a chance.
[HIROTO] Ms. Hundred Faces has
less than half the total area.
So, if the remaining academies
put their differences aside
we could turn this around.
[SARASA] Yeah, but how do we
get them to cooperate with us?
They have no other choice
if the alliance
of Ms. Hundred Faces wins
everyone else loses a star.
Oh yeah! Right!
Folks'd do anything
they could to avoid that.
Like going head-to-head
with Ms. Hundred Faces!
In that case,
it's time for this phoenix
to rise up from the ashes
of elimination.
That should light a fire
under everyone, right?
[SARASA]
You bet your ass it will.
The crowd-pleasing
comeback story of the year!
[SHIRAYUKI] It's an excellent
idea, Master.
It looks like I'm off to MTCG.
If you can manage to clear
the MTCG's hardest route
you can get the wild card
that lets you pawticipate
in ASTRAL again.
Time won't be on your side.
You'll only have
tomorrow morning
left to clear that route.
We're cutting it close.
Kazami, tell me, what's the
quickest possible scenario
for a participant to win
the wild card?
Hidden quest, maybe?
You'd have to beat the sixth
assassin at the end of it.
[HIROTO] The sixth assassin?
[SUZURAN] They're an outside
competitor
who's in middle school.
[HIROTO]
Middle school? Wait a sec.
Do you mean Tsumugi Shiina?
[SUZURAN] Woah! Meow the heck
did you know that?
[HIROTO] Oh! Well, because...
How best to explain this.
So you casually picked up a
middle-school girl in the lobby
and then took her back
to her room?
Ah-huh.
You certainly are
a fast worker, aren't you?
Who would have thought?
It's all innocent,
I tell you! Innocent!
Crimes aside, Tsumugi Shiina
is the final boss in the MTCG!
All right. So tomorrow I need to
enter the MTCG.
Defeat Shiina in battle,
get my hands on the wild card
and then return to ASTRAL.
[sighing]
Can you guys hold out that long?
You don't have to worry
about us.
You're not suddenly getting
cold feet, are you?
We're fine.
Eimei and Ouka
can hold their own
while you're off doing
your thing.
So you can just focus
your attention
on getting back to us as soon as
you can, you big dummy.
You're incorrigible.
[giggling]
[all chuckling]
Okay, then,
let's do this thing!
And here we are!
The site of the annual MTCG.
[surprised]
I'll be right here to supawt you
just like we discussed.
Right. Thanks, Kazami.
Take a look at your device
right meow.
[SUZURAN]
The most important concepts
you need to be aware of in MTCG
are cards, quests, and coins.
The cards are numbered,
one through nine.
Meow, pay close attention
to these values
because only by adding them up
can you get
your furmiliar's level.
There're five quest stages
all sharing the same goal.
Vanquishing your
opponent's familiar!
Meow, in order
to accomplish this
you have to raise
your familiar's level
to be equal
to that of your opponent's.
[HIROTO] I see, so it's a
number-matching game.
[SUZURAN]
Purrcisely!
The way you level up,
is by using strengthen
and exchange on your cards.
Strengthening takes
time, though
so try to be conscious of that.
[HIROTO] Interesting. Looks like
you have to
pay for the upgrades.
Which means it's not exactly
the quickest way to level up.
Not at all.
That's what exchange is for.
Number augmentation on the fly!
[SUZURAN] If you're willing
to sweeten the deal
with some extra coin
you can use it to trade up
for a better card.
The exchange rates depend on
comparative value.
Hm. That makes sense,
the coins bridge the gap.
Coins are also used
to purrchase skills cards.
You can nab those
on your device for a fee.
Your card-carry limit is
hard-capped to five.
Three number cards and two
skills cards. So choose wisely!
-[footsteps]
-[humming]
[chuckling]
[laughing]
Didn't think you'd see me again
so soon, did ya?
And you are?
[groans]
Why you! I'm the guy
you kicked out of ASTRAL!
Yuikawa! Ibara Academy!
[breathing heavily]
You come to relegation-land
looking for a second chance,
too, then?
Don't bother.
I made it to quest stage five.
I'm about to clear
this whole thing.
There's no way you could
catch up at this point.
[FEMALE STUDENT] Hey.
Which one of my cards
would you like to trade?
Uh... Have you got a four?
One.
I'd be happy to trade it.
How does your lowest number
and a 100 coins sound?
[YUIKAWA] Hey!
Don't start talking to him
like I'm not here!
[grunts]
[HIROTO] Just a 100 coins?
That'd sure help me out.
[FEMALE STUDENT] You're trying
to beat her, right?
Ms. Hundred Faces?
[HIROTO] And what if I am?
Our academy's leader
Ms. Kururugi,
is dependable to a fault.
A trait that surely drove her
to join forces
with Ms. Hundred Faces.
[FEMALE STUDENT] She had to,
because we were too weak.
We failed her.
That's why.
I'm asking you.
Make your way back to ASTRAL.
And please, set Senri free.
We all just wanna get stronger.
But do it together.
[phone rings]
I see.
Thanks for the generous trade.
Seriously.
And while I can't say
I'm doing it for Tsuyuri
I will defeat
Ms. Hundred Faces.
Thank you. Good luck.
Talk about lucky.
That already puts me up to
Level 6.
Meow!
[SUZURAN] I think it's time
for you
to find your first opponent.
[HIROTO] Libra's special
search function, huh?
All right, level sixers,
where're you at?
[phone beeping]
[shocked]
What? You're Shinohara?
[STUDENT 10A]
Oh, come on!
You're already challenging me?
But you just got here!
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
Commencing battle.
[groaning]
Our monumental first fight!
It's fangs versus claws!
Meow!
Hmm!
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
It is now your turn.
[SUZURAN] Think. What card
is your opponent gonna
use to up his numbers?
Anticipate it!
[HIROTO] First move.
Reward Up.
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
Opponent's turn.
[HIROTO] He'll probably open
with level up
to bolster his value.
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
It is now your turn.
[HIROTO] Now, I'll use level up
to boost my numbers, too.
[MTCG GAME VOICE] Reveal phase.
[game sounds]
We're the same level.
Which means I win.
What the!
[MTCG GAME VOICE] Game over.
The challenger wins.
[HIROTO] All right.
If I'm speedrunning this thing
I'm gonna need coins.
Guess it's time
to make some waves.
[SUZURAN] The guy rockin' the
polka-dot apron is an adjuster.
He can exchange cards
and coins for ya.
[HIROTO] I'd like to make
an exchange.
I'll hand over my one card and
take a reward up card instead.
[baffled]
[MALE PLAYER 10A] He's getting
rid of a number card?
[MALE PLAYER 10B] How does
he expect to clear the game
if he only has
two number cards?
Are you certain?
[HIROTO]
I am. Do it.
Very well, then.
The current exchange rate
between the number one card
and skill up
is approximately 99,000 coins.
[FEMALE PLAYER 10A] 99,000?
[MALE PLAYER 10B]
That's a ridiculous amount!
[MALE PLAYER 10C]
Seriously?
Sounds good.
I accept the trade.
Meow-sands!
[game sound]
[HIROTO]
Nice.
[MALE PLAYER 10C] That's days
worth of coins in an instant.
[MALE PLAYER 10B] Just what the
heck is he gonna do next?
That was furnominal, Shinohara!
Nobody else would have ever even
thought of attempting that!
I suppose now you can exchange
however many trading cards
you want!
[HIROTO]
Things progressed swiftly.
Quest after quest giving way.
Soon, with Libra's help
I'd even manage to reclaim
a third number card.
From there, all that was left
for me to do
was finish getting them up
to nine.
[TATARA]
Hey, Shinohara!
Hm?
[giggling]
We figured you'd be needing
these about now.
[smiling]
Tada!
We've been pumping up
our numbers all day.
Between me and Tatara
we've managed to secure
two nine cards.
Oh, wow.
And are you guys wanting
to trade them?
[TATARA] Of course!
And no exchange rates.
Eimei, ride or die, baby.
If you can win here, Shinohara
Eimei might be able
to turn things around.
I want to see that happen.
So, here, take them.
Our future's in your hands.
So go back to ASTRAL and win.
Got it?
Yeah. Got it.
You have my word.
I'll make your dream come true.
[game sound]
Tatara. Tsuji. Thank you.
Don't mention it!
Kick some butt.
Good luck!
[phone beeps]
[KAGAYA]
Hey-yo! Hiro!
You got a sec, man?
I've been hacking away
at Tsumu-Tsumu's
data like a lumberjack.
But security's being obnoxious
and I'm stuck
on the last password.
It's typically a numeric value
derived from the player's level
but deciphering that
could take ages.
Could you, like,
social-engineer it out of her?
Yeah. Leave it to me.
[HIROTO]
So, Shiina's level, huh?
[Yuikawa laughing]
[laughing continues]
Shinohara.
You got pretty close there.
But now stand
and watch in shame!
[laughing]
[smugs]
[giggles]
[TSUMUGI] Mister, I didn't think
I'd see you in the MTCG.
[HIROTO] Shiina I never expected
you to be the final boss.
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
Commencing battle.
[laughing]
You ready to dance, final boss?
[dragon growls]
[YUIKAWA]
Question.
What level do you get when you
use a double application
of the skill exceed limit?
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
Reveal phase.
[YUIKAWA]
The answer is a mic-dropping 33!
[dragon roars]
33? After all that talk?
You really thought
that'd be enough to beat me?
[Yuikawa panicking]
[growls]
No, this is a mistake!
[TSUMUGI] Sic 'em!
[growls]
[Yuikawa panicking]
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
Game over. The boss wins.
[footsteps]
Okay, then, mister.
You can come up.
[gasps]
Yay! I get to play
against mister!
I'm like
totally gonna win, though!
[HIROTO] "Totally?"
You're that certain?
[humming and giggling]
[HIROTO] This game is
just about matching numbers.
If you only focus on
going high, you'll never win.
Which means.
It's low, isn't it?
That level of yours.
Is negative!
Incredible.
You're 100% correct!
My sum level is
negative 99, in fact.
Lloyd's a guard dog from hell
so it only made sense
to invert my level.
[HIROTO] Oh, yeah? Sounds like
something you'd think of.
Kagaya, you're up!
It's my time to shine!
Big Sis to the rescue!
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
Commencing battle.
Let's go!
Meow!
[KAGAYA] 'Kay, Hiro! I'm done
overwriting the data.
You're good to go!
All right!
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
It is now your turn.
[HIROTO] I use exceed limit
on all my numbers cards.
Raising their value by one.
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
Reveal phase.
Following that.
I'm at Level 30!
Why'd you do that?
You already know my level
is negative 99, right?
I mean, it's not
like you could have gotten
that number anyway, but...
[gasps]
Why did Lloyd shoot up
to level 30 all of a sudden?
[both confused]
[HIROTO] Because nimble-fingered
Kagaya hacked your device
and changed
its level to match mine.
[smugs]
Looks like it's
the end of the game!
[attacks]
[groans]
[groaning]
[tumbles]
[MTCG GAME VOICE]
Game over.
The challenger wins.
[crowd celebrating]
Yay! Ya!
Good job, Shinohara!
[TSUMUGI]
Wow! Wow! Wow!
You're like so, so,
super strong, mister!
I'm shivering!
I've got goosebumps here!
Things are finally getting fun!
[gasps]
[HIROTO]
Just go for it.
Hey, Shiina. Are you her?
The doppelganger?
[smiles]
[TSUMUGI]
Yup, I am.
Though I think
Ms. Hundred Faces sounds nicer.
Next time, let's compete
in ASTRAL, okay?
We can play a whole bunch
of games together
and really finish it off
with a bang!
[giggles]
[breathing]
From here on out,
things are gonna get serious.
[HIROTO] It really was Mikado
Kurahashi behind all of this!
I've gotta get back
to ASTRAL, quick!
Ah! Yes! Made it!
Shinohara!
[HIROTO]
Yo! Guys!
This thing on?
It's me.
The record-setting seven star.
Hiroto Shinohara.
[FEMALE STUDENT 10A]
Huh? What's going on?
[MALE STUDENT 10A]
Why's Shinohara on the PA?
[MALE STUDENT 10B]
Is he making a comeback?
I dropped in on the MTCG and
snagged myself the wild card.
That's right, folks. Yours truly
is back from the dead.
While gone, I learned
something interesting.
Ms. Hundred Faces
isn't even a player.
[HIROTO] She's just an
enemy character
the admins threw in for kicks.
A glorified gimmick to make the
contest a little more exciting.
All of you are the top players
from your academies.
The cream
of the high-ranking crop.
So are you gonna let
some sideshow act beat you?
And steal your stars?
I realize the situation
we're facing is desperate.
[HIROTO] Victory feels
a million miles away.
But we can choose
not to fall down alone.
And rise up strong together.
If we form an alliance,
we could turn the tide
and push back against
Ms. Hundred Faces.
Leading from the front will be
the resurrected Seven Star.
Academy Island's strongest. Me.
Any team who wants
to join the alliance
simply make a truce agreement
with Eimei Academy.
[FEMALE STUDENT 10B]
Yeah, it isn't over yet.
[MALE STUDENT 10A]
We can't give up now!
[MALE STUDENT 10B] With
the Seven Star on our side.
[both giggling]
The enemy of my enemy.
All right. As one.
It's time we take
the fight to them.